todo:
    work out how to limit the step size in a clean way: multiple steps, but then how to change H...

    restore metadata saving

    get hermite working again

    generalize to multidimensional base manifold: ok, a second polynomial and it should work, no?

    try microcanonical setting


    align the plain SMC and counterdiabatic behavior on gaussian mixture: this shouldn't be so difficult: first start by copying the schedule, without driving, then add driving, then accelerate the schedule...

    clean up: fitting in the classes
        
        save hermite param history better

       

    better alternation of g and f updates
    try microcanonical ensemble
    try implementing a second dimension of lambda:
        requires A_1 and A_2
    understand the effect of momentum randomization on the smc algorithm: see the paper that derived the ratio (trevor campbell)


can we use the adiabatic invariant \int pdq? e.g. if we're in microcanonical, we have a closed surface?

a second base manifold dimension: temperature?
    or a geometric mean involving a second quantity?
    ooh or make varying mass matrix the second dimension...

mass matrix: should make things a lot better, no?
consider varying the kinetic energy! (mass matrix counts as this...)

consider calculating the metric <dX(0)dX(t)>

application:

    i think phi4 is actually quite nice, and other physics models of this kind

for hamiltonian dynamics, work is an exact form, which means that it is path independent


work out the right integrator given the time varying hamiltonian A and H 

why not also for filtering problems in high dims? see e.g. https://people.bordeaux.inria.fr/pierre.delmoral/turbulent-signals.pdf, https://arxiv.org/pdf/1412.3501

why can't we compute A using feynmac kac by running the cheap dynamics?

aha! the equation for the flow in (14) of nets is made much simpler in the underdamped case, where there's no divergence

this stuff is very second law, ala caticha: you evolve forward and necessarily leave max-ent behind

the relevance of contact geometry: we have a contact geometry here too presumably, when we include lambda

hannay angle
the berry phase and hannay angle: lorentz force etc

tensor network for the counterdiabatic term?

Resampling at step 0 (ESS = 820.63) ???


phase transition (think about the double well and ising model e.g.: critical exponents...)

comment on the gauge freedom

in discretized setting, work and heat are given by changes of lambda and x respectively

curious about stochatic thermodynamics, and correlations of information and work stuff

girsanov reweighting of A

consider feedback and nonmarkovian:
    nonmarkovian:
        could do MH to correct quite general processes!
    feedback:
        could be very interesting for the control variable to depend on the closeness to stationarity: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.3262
    nonequilibrium steady state

jarzynski tilted piston paper gives another classical system to work with

